README.md, before:

# cp-parser
DOM Parser for CP


# Setup
1. Download [IntelliJ Plugin](https://github.com/tgvdinesh/cp-parser/releases/tag/1.0)
2. Download [Chrome Plugin](https://github.com/tgvdinesh/cp-toolbox-browser-extension)
3. [Manually upload Chrome plugin](https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/getstarted#manifest)
4. [Manually upload Intellij Plugin](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/installing-a-plugin-from-disk.html)


# Road Map
- [ ] Bind Json to POJO
- [ ] Add Enumeration to POJO
- [ ] Write method in POJO to find CP Website name
- [ ] Implement parser for multiple sample input/output [Sample 1](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/30-conditional-statements/problem)
- [ ] Implement parser for all Competitive Programming websites
- [ ] Show [Progress Indicator](https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-community/search?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=ProgressIndicator&type=)
- [ ] Implement quality assurance
- [ ] [Publish IntelliJ plugin](https://www.jetbrains.org/intellij/sdk/docs/basics/getting_started/publishing_plugin.html)

Commit message:

Add not supported yet exception Add pre tag approach for parsing input & output Adopt to new payload type Add website Name enumeration Add stack to string for logging purpose Add separate Jsoup utility Use enumeration wherever possible Add test case for Hacker Rank single & multiple test case Write a file utility to read form resource Add new Jackson utility Add sample input Add reference to new Chrome plugin
Signed-off-by: Dinesh V <tgvdinesh@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# cp-parser
DOM Parser for CP


# Setup
1. Download [IntelliJ Plugin](https://github.com/tgvdinesh/cp-parser/releases/tag/1.0)
2. Download [Chrome Plugin](https://github.com/tgvdinesh/cp-parser-companion)
3. [Manually upload Chrome plugin](https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/getstarted#manifest)
4. [Manually upload Intellij Plugin](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/installing-a-plugin-from-disk.html)


# Road Map
- [x] Bind Json to POJO
- [x] Implement parser for [Code Chef](https://www.codechef.com/)
- [ ] ```browserPayLoad.setSender();``` Should be deprecated. During binding of string to json we must run this logic
- [ ] Add property file from where CSS Selectors should be read from
- [ ] Add a task tracker for parser project like Jira
- [ ] [Publish IntelliJ plugin](https://www.jetbrains.org/intellij/sdk/docs/basics/getting_started/publishing_plugin.html)
- [ ] Implement parser for multiple sample input/output [Sample 1](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/30-conditional-statements/problem)
- [ ] Implement parser for all Competitive Programming websites
- [ ] Show [Progress Indicator](https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-community/search?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=ProgressIndicator&type=)
- [ ] Implement quality assurance
- [ ] Show notification message upon each update in IntelliJ
    ```
    .ignore plugin updated to v2.6.0 
     If you find my plugin helpful, [Donate with PayPal](https://www.paypal.me/tgvdinesh)
     
     Implemented enhancements:
     - Multirow tabs for outer rules panel (#501) Fixes:
     - The following plugins are incompatible with the current IDE build (#530)
     - NullPointerException on File indexing (IgnoreFilesIndex), infinite loop of failing re-indexes
     - thanks to @nicity ! (#527) Closed:
     - Have you considered Open Collective? opencollective.com/ignore (#497)  
    
    
     If you find my plugin helpful, donate me using [Donate with PayPal](https://www.paypal.me/tgvdinesh)
     ```
